Update CsTeamsComplianceRecordingPolicy (#10734)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: skype/skype-ps/skype/New-CsTeamsComplianceRecordingPolicy.md

Setting this attribute to true disables recording audio notifications for 1:1 calls that are under compliance recording.

```yaml
Type: Boolean
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -RecordReroutedCalls

> Setting this attribute to true enables compliance recording for calls which have been re-routed from a compliance recording enabled user. Supported call scenarios include forward, transfer, delegation, call groups, simultaneous ring.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting this attribute to true enables compliance recording for calls that have been re-routed from a compliance recording-enabled user. Supported call scenarios include forward, transfer, delegation, call groups, and simultaneous ring.

```

Setting this attribute to true disables recording audio notifications for 1:1 calls that are under compliance recording.

```yaml
Type: Boolean
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -RecordReroutedCalls
Setting this attribute to true enables compliance recording for calls that have been re-routed from a compliance recording-enabled user. Supported call scenarios include forward, transfer, delegation, call groups, and simultaneous ring.

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
